# Rian Thai

[Rian Thai APK For Andorid][APK]
[Rian Thai App Flow][App Flow]

Mastering a foreign language is one of the important criteria for the economic development of our country. This is because our neighbour countries such as Thailand have grown a lot in many sectors including technology, construction, agriculture, entertainment and so on. Besides, the Malaysian government has also maintained a close diplomatic relationship with Thailand for many years for both goals, benefits, and prosperity. So, mastering Thai language has drawn attention from society to increase their marketability. However, most people always face difficulties when learning Thai. They faced a lot of problems like learning environment such as being forced to take a physical additional class to learn Thai and normally this additional class is costly. Besides, most of the applications that exist in the market always set a high price, not based on level of difficulty and not user-friendly. Hence, the objective of this project is to develop a Thai learning mobile application named “Rian Thai” that can increase the public’s interests in learning Thai without concern about content price and learn Thai in a simple and fun way. Before developing this application, a survey, and a questionnaire on requirements of Thai learning applications were carried out to understand user’s opinions on Thai learning applications. By using this application, users can learn Thai based on the topic and difficulties (Basic, Vocabulary and Grammar). Quiz for each topic is provided to test users’ understanding. Moreover, users can find Thai words by English words for translation. There is also a discussion forum provided for each user to discuss and solve problems faced together. Users can also check their course progress and quiz results to understand their learning history.  Briefly, this Thai learning application is developed to attract attention from society to learn Thai and improve their mastery of Thai language. This application can be used by everyone regardless of job, age, and location. 

[APK]: https://github.com/xavkong55/Rian-Thai/releases/download/APK/rian.thai.apk
[App Flow]: https://www.figma.com/proto/fJJ6iLpoKiy46G7q4Utnua/Rian-Thai?node-id=18%3A234&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=18%3A234&show-proto-sidebar=1
